foreign
[Music]
i want you to show me how to get to know
someone like you someone like you
i want you to know me cause i know then
you'll see
we could meet you we can be
true i want you to see what
i see nice something so real
something so real i want you to see
that this is
[Music]
it's terrifying
me
[Music]
to losing game but this time it's more
than another love war this
ain't the same this ain't the same they
say love feels all
it makes it all all right
[Music]
be it's is it's terrifying
and how do we ever know if the love will
ever grow
without trying without trying
and
[Music]
meant to
to be
or mentally
[Music]
i'm walking alone the streets are empty
the only thing i can see is my own
silhouette
i'm getting stronger step by
step the clock is sticking but there's
no time for reasons
i've been flying from town to town
[Music]
we will fly above the skies
ready
[Music]
we are
we will fly above the sky
we are heroes
[Music]
oh
i've been flying from town to town
from london to taiwan
i've been all around the globe
trying to protect your soul
[Music]
so
oh
[Music]
thursday
here we go
[Music]
bye
foreign